hey everyone this is peanut back again
with another and the final actually a
little episode in the miniseries of
glitching out of the noble map pack maps
finally we've got break point and it's
exactly the same method he's just
grabbed a teleporter fly down to the
open area the the bottom of the map oh
my voice is gone Chuck a teleporter all
the way out of the map push it all the
way out as far as you can you know the
drill if if you've seen one other two
videos you'll probably not to do them
but do by now which is just flying
through the teleporter wait yourself to
blow up and then wait a couple of
seconds before ending the game sir if I
sound a bit um lazy or boring or
wherever the word is my voice has gone
for some reason I don't know why and
it's 10 so I'm getting tired and I've
been trying to do these videos all night
it's getting annoying anyway it's
sounding a bit more enthusiastic go
watch some more of my videos and I might
sound a bit pitcairn those that have a
home so shit isn't it anyway you fly
through it you go back in theater mode i
forgot to say that you go back in
theater mode here yuri watch it you
fast-forward you get to the point where
you explode and as soon as you explode
you pause it or go really slowly and
then you want to just hit wide to catch
yourself and fly off as far as you can
now as much as I'd love to explore this
whole huge area i mean there's i think
this is probably the second biggest
thing tempest has the biggest area that
you can explore but this is a pretty big
area as much as I'd love to keep
exploring there is a big fucking white
box floating in the middle of the air
out of the map now I assume this was
going to be some kind of da Vinci box
then I flew up to it it's a solid box I
went back and checked it and
double-checked and triple-checked it's
right on the boundary I've no idea what
it is it's probably something incredibly
insignificant that doesn't need to
mention but i just thought as a bit
puzzling there so um yeah if you want to
if you know what that is post a comment
with it i'll be much appreciated right
video if you thought was shit or if you
if you liked it subscribe if you want me
to do more stuff like this more glitches
and gameplays and go to my channel for
all stuff that's already there